Clarify merge queue merge limits (#31807)
github/docs: content/repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/configuring-pull-request-merges/managing-a-merge-queue.md

-

>   **Merge limits**: Select the minimum and maximum number of pull requests to merge in a single group (between `1` and `100`), and a timeout after which the queue should stop waiting for more entries and merge with fewer than the minimum number of pull requests. Exactly how many PRs are included in a group depends on a merge queue's settings:

Reviewer: Hi. I chatted with the engineers and we think that adjusting the description here will address this issue:

```suggestion
  **Merge limits**: Select the minimum and maximum number of pull requests to merge into the base branch at the same time (between `1` and `100`), and a timeout after which the queue should stop waiting for more entries and merge with fewer than the minimum number.
```

Author: Looks like I wasn't able to prevent this from merging, here's what I would propose to remove the added note.

```suggestion
  **Merge limits**: Select the minimum and maximum number of pull requests that have completed required checks to merge into the base branch at the same time (between `1` and `100`), and a timeout after which the queue should stop waiting for more entries and merge with fewer than the minimum number.
```

In the interest of brevity (and lack of personal experience with it) I am not getting into the interaction between these settings and **Only merge non-failing pull requests**, but this at least makes it explicit that merge groups after the required checks (which helps imply the point of the original note which is that PRs are not grouped for build).

> {% note %}
> 
> **Note:** Merge limits do not combine `merge_group` **builds**. Merge limits only affect merges to the base branch once one or more `merge_group` has satisfied build checks.
> 
> {% endnote %}
> 

Reviewer: See previous comment. We think that by adjusting the wording above we can address the confusion and therefore this note is not necessary. Agree?

```suggestion
```

Author: I am fine removing a separate note, but believe there should still be explicit mention of builds vs merge as this distinction is still not clear.
